Update description for audit logs (#208)
moderneinc/moderne-docs: docs/administrator-documentation/moderne-platform/references/reporting.md

Moderne offers a variety of reports for administrators:

> * **Audit logs** - Every time a user takes an action in the platform, either via the UI or the API, that action is recorded along with the user who took the action, a description of the action, the time that action took place, and whether that action was successful. We currently have two ways of accessing it: via a UI, and via the API as a download in CEF format.

Author: ```suggestion
* **Audit logs** - every action a user attempts to take in the platform, either via the UI or the API, that action is recorded along with the user who took the action, a description of the action, the time that action took place, and whether that action was successful. We currently have two ways of accessing it: via a UI, and via the API as a download in CEF format.
```

> * **Audit logs** - every action a user attempts to take in the platform, either via the UI or the API, that action is recorded along with the user who took the action, a description of the action, the time that action took place, and whether that action was successful. We currently have two ways of accessing it: via a UI, and via the API as a download in CEF format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Audit logs** - every action a user attempts to take in the platform, either via the UI or the API, is recorded along with the user who took the action, a description of the action, the time that action took place, and whether that action was successful. We currently have two ways of accessing it: via a UI, and via the API as a download in CEF format.
```
